README.md, before:

# TopUp Beneficiary Solution - NET6

Created a robust backend solution for the topup beneficiary application, enabling users to efficiently manage their top-up beneficiaries, explore available top-up options, and execute top-up transactions for their UAE phone numbers. Implements a maintainable enterprise-level API application with Middleware, EntityFrameworkCore, Serilog, and Swagger using Domain Driven Design (DDD) and architecture princliples.


## Table of Contents
* [Prerequisites](#Prerequisites)
* [Architecture Overview](#Architecture-Overview)
* [Instructions](#Instructions)
* [Contributions](#Contributions)
* [Credits](#Credits)


## Prerequisites
You will need the following tools:
* [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) or [Visual Studio 2022](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/) (version 17.5.0 or later)
* [.NET Core SDK 6.0](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/6.0)
* Microsoft SQL Server



## Architecture Overview
This is a multi-project solution that utilizes Domain Driven Design (DDD) and CQRS patterns to create a maintainable web API application using .NET 6 that allows it to run on Linux or Windows and in Docker environments.

## Instructions
### Installation:
1. Install the latest [.NET Core 6 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download). 

2. Used Database first approach, so kindly execute the attached SQL script. 

3. Clone Github repo 
   https://github.com/Shivvvvvvvvv/TechnicalAssessment.git

4. Restore Nuget Packages
5. Rebuild and run the program by setting below projects as startup,
   ![alt text](image.png) 

You should be able to browse to the application by using the below URL :

```
Swagger - TopUp Service: https://localhost:7024/swagger/index.html
Swagger - Wallet Service: https://localhost:7085/swagger/index.html

```

### Database Setup
To setup the SQL Server database following the instructions below:
1. Reveiw the **connection string** in **appsettings.json** and update the database name.
2. Run `dotnet ef migrations add Initial --context <ProjectName>DbContext` to add migation with EF Core 
3. Run `dotnet ef database update Initial` to create application database.


## Third Party Libraries
* Swagger
* Serilog

## Future Enhancements
* Implement migration concept to create application database on initial run
* Implement polly 
* Implement ciruit breaker
* Refractor Topup Service
* Write Unit test and Integration test

Commit message:

Uploaded Database schema and script. Updated Read me file

README.md, after:

# TopUp Beneficiary Solution - NET6

Created a robust backend solution for the topup beneficiary application, enabling users to efficiently manage their top-up beneficiaries, explore available top-up options, and execute top-up transactions for their UAE phone numbers. Implements a maintainable enterprise-level API application with Middleware, EntityFrameworkCore, Serilog, and Swagger using Domain Driven Design (DDD) and architecture princliples.


## Table of Contents
- [TopUp Beneficiary Solution - NET6](#topup-beneficiary-solution---net6)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Architecture Overview](#architecture-overview)
  - [Instructions](#instructions)
    - [Installation:](#installation)
    - [Database Setup](#database-setup)
  - [Third Party Libraries](#third-party-libraries)
  - [Future Enhancements](#future-enhancements)


## Prerequisites
You will need the following tools:
* [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) or [Visual Studio 2022](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/) (version 17.5.0 or later)
* [.NET Core SDK 6.0](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/6.0)
* Microsoft SQL Server



## Architecture Overview
This is a multi-project solution that utilizes Domain Driven Design (DDD) and CQRS patterns to create a maintainable web API application using .NET 6 that allows it to run on Linux or Windows and in Docker environments.

## Instructions
### Installation:
1. Install the latest [.NET Core 6 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download). 

2. Used Database first approach, so kindly execute the attached SQL script. 

3. Clone Github repo 
   https://github.com/Shivvvvvvvvv/TechnicalAssessment.git

4. Restore Nuget Packages
5. Rebuild and run the program by setting below projects as startup,
   ![alt text](image.png) 


You should be able to browse and test the application api by using the below URL :

```
Swagger - TopUp Service: https://localhost:7024/swagger/index.html
Swagger - Wallet Service: https://localhost:7085/swagger/index.html

```

### Database Setup
To setup the SQL Server database following the instructions below:
1. Reveiw the **connection string** in **appsettings.json** and update the database name.
2. Execute the Script uploaded in below path
   ./Script/ScriptWithMasterData.sql

## Third Party Libraries
* Serilog

## Future Enhancements
* Implement migration concept to create application database on initial run
* Implement polly 
* Implement ciruit breaker
* Refractor Topup Service
* Write Unit test and Integration test
